docs(toolbox-core): Update README to include guidance on session lifecycle management (#259)
googleapis/mcp-toolbox-sdk-python: packages/toolbox-core/README.md

> - If you prefer synchronous execution, refer to the [Synchronous
>   Usage](#synchronous-usage) section below.

> [!IMPORTANT]
>

> > The `ToolboxClient` (and its synchronous counterpart `ToolboxSyncClient`)
> > interacts with network resources using an underlying HTTP client session. If
> > `ToolboxClient` creates this session internally (i.e., you do not provide a
> > session during initialization), then the `ToolboxClient` is responsible for
> > closing it. You must ensure the `ToolboxClient` is closed using `async with
> > ToolboxClient(...) as client:` or by explicitly calling `await
> > client.close()`. This will release the internally managed session and prevent
> > resource leak warnings (like `"Unclosed client session"` from `aiohttp`). If
> > you provide an external `aiohttp.ClientSession` during `ToolboxClient`
> > initialization, then you are responsible for managing the lifecycle (including
> > closing) of that external session. `ToolboxClient`'s `close()` method or
> > context manager *will not* close an externally provided session.

Reviewer: nit: reworded to be concise 
```suggestion
> The `ToolboxClient` (and its synchronous counterpart `ToolboxSyncClient`)
> interacts with network resources using an underlying HTTP client session. You
> should remember to use a context manager or explicitly call `close()` to 
> clean up these resources. If you provide your own session, you'll need to close
> it in addition to calling `ToolboxClient.close()`. 
```

Author: Done. Thanks for the suggestion!

from toolbox_core import ToolboxClient

# Replace with your Toolbox service's URL
with ToolboxClient("http://127.0.0.1:5000") as toolbox:
```

All interactions for loading and invoking tools happen through this client.

> ### Client Lifecycle Management

Reviewer: nit: Consider if we need a whole section of this -- it adds a lot of verbosity to the docs.

Author: Agree. Thanks!

The `ToolboxClient` uses an `aiohttp.ClientSession` for its asynchronous network requests. Proper management of this session is key to avoiding resource leaks and warnings.

#### Scenario 1: `ToolboxClient` Manages the Session (Default & Common)

> If you initialize `ToolboxClient` without passing a `session` argument, it creates and manages its own `aiohttp.ClientSession`. In this case, you must ensure the `ToolboxClient` instance is closed to also close the underlying session.

Reviewer: Should call out that closing the client closes the tools as well.

Author: Added. Thanks for the suggestion

##### Recommended Method: `async with`
```py
async def main():
    async with ToolboxClient(toolbox_url) as client:
        # ... use client ...
```
##### Alternative: Explicit `await client.close()`
```py
async def main():
    client = ToolboxClient(toolbox_url)
    try:
        # ... use client ...
    finally:
        await client.close()

> ```

Reviewer: I don't think we should take an opinionated take on which of these is preferable. If we are doing something like an application w/ LangGraph, the client is a long lived variable and we will probably not use either of these approaches and will just call client.close() on shutdown.
